---
layout: post
title: "Covid-19"
date: 2020-05-30
category: generalmassagetherapy
slug: covid-19
post_id: 359
---

<p>As many of you are already aware, restrictions were lifted earlier this week by our Provincial government for medical practitioners in healthcare fields such as Physiotherapy, Chiropractic, and Massage Therapy to allow us to reopen our practices. I will be slowly reopening my practice starting on June 8th.</p>

<p>Overall public safety is of utmost importance to all of us. I have thoroughly reviewed new policies and procedures that have been put into place by the College of Massage Therapists of Ontario(CMTO) and the Ontario government, in order to keep everyone safe through these changing times. Based on these regulations new clinic policies have been put into place:</p>

<ul style="margin-left: 60px">
	<li>I will wear a clean disposable surgical quality mask throughout the entire treatment</li>
	<li>You will be required  to come to the appointment wearing a clean disposable or reusable mask to be worn throughout the treatment. If you don’t have an appropriate face covering available, I will be able to provide one upon request</li>
	<li>You will be required to conduct a self screening for Covid-19 before coming to the clinic by using the Ontario government's Covid-19 self assessment tool, I will conduct a second screening immediately prior to treatment</li>
	<li>Hand disinfectant and a hand washing station will be available please disinfect your hands when you arrive and before you leave</li>
	<li>You should arrive alone (where possible) and as close to your appointment time as possible. If you arrive more than 5 minuts early, please stay in your car or wait outside</li>
	<li>I will maintain a roster of all people entering the space (including their name and phone number) to assist with contact tracing if required, ensuring client confidentiality is maintained</li>
	<li>
		I will maintain and document a cleaning schedule above and beyond my regular cleaning schedule
		<ul style="margin-left: 30px">
			<li>High touch surfaces including but not limited to: doorknobs, light switches, washrooms including toilet handles, counters, handrails, arm rests, and electronics</li>
			<li>Extra care and attention will given to the massage table and face cradle</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
</ul>

<p>I have a long list of canceled appointments due to Covid-19 state of emergency. I have been and will continue to contact each one of these people directly to find a new appointment  time. If I have not had the chance to reach out to you yet, please don't hesitate to contact me. I will need to  prioritize appointments based on severity and condition and the time frame that the last appointment was scheduled.</p>

<p>If you feel you pass <a href="https://covid-19.ontario.ca/self-assessment/">preliminary pre-screening</a> against Covid-19, please use the <a href="https://www.kwmassage.com/clinic-information/index.html" title="potcake place">online scheduling tool</a> or contact me directly by phone (519)745-4112 or <a href="mailto:jeremy@kwmassage.com">email</a> to make an appointment. I look forward to getting back to work and seeing all of you soon.</p>


<p>If you have any questions or concerns don't hesitate to contact me directly or visit the <a href="https://www.cmto.com/covid-19/">CMTO's website</a> or the <a href="https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus-disease-covid-19.html">Government of Ontario Coronavirus</a> website.</p>

